Rock, Paper, Scissors Project </br></br>

The initial project required me to build a Rock, Paper, Scissors game using JavaScript and displaying the game within</br> the dev-tools console. To do this I put together a basic HTML file and did all of the work in an external</br> JavaScript file. The game was to be played as 5 total rounds, totaling the score, and determining whether the player</br> won, lost, or tied with the computer. the original script was set up with multiple functions, one to generate a</br> random choice for the computer, another to accept user input for the players choice. A function to simulate a</br> round, which compared the user input to computer choice to determine the result of the round, and add to the score of</br> the winner, or nbot add any point due to a draw.</br></br>

The second iteration of the project required me to create a UI for the game. To do this I needed the expand the HTMl</br> file to contain appropaite sections of the page to be styled. Styled the page with external css, but most of the</br> changes were in the script. I needed to refactor the code so that instead of the game being 5 total rounds, the</br> game ran until the user or the computer reach 5 total score and was declared the winner. Insted of the game being</br> played in the console, I needed to use DOM manipulation to display the game within the UI, instead of prompting the</br> user for text input, the input was in the form of buttons for the user, one for each of the respective</br> chocies. In terms of features I wanted the buttons to be disabled when the score limit was reached, a restart button to</br> reload the page when the game was finished, a box to display the result of each round as well as display the</br> winner at the end of the game. One of the features that I wanted was to display the user selection and the</br> computers choice, so the user would know what they picked and what the computer picked without have to read the results</br> box. This was the hardest feature for me to implement, initally it was difficult to disply the options</br> pick in the specific div designed for it, once that was sorted the next issue was figuring out how to get the image</br> to change after another click of a button that was already clicked previously, what I had figured out was</br> that after a button was clicked it would display the image, if another button was clicked the respective image</br> would be displayed over the top of the previous image, so when the user would click a button they previously clicked </br>the image would not change. This was fixed by adding each of the different images to the different eventListeners </br>and setting their display to none so when a button was clicked it would hide the other options. This was the same</br> for displaying the computer choices, except there were no buttons, so I tied the option display directly to the</br> computer choice function. </br></br>

This project taught me a lot about DOM manipulation and how you can use it to modify the contents of the site without</br> directly changing anything in the HTML file. It also taught me about adding interactivity to the site, which I had </br>not done before.</br>
